W-14354101-API-Manager-Product-Spotlight-Video-KL (#541)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/latest-overview-concept.adoc

Before using API Manager, familiarize yourself with the user interface and the tasks you can perform therein.

> Watch the API Manager Product Spotlight video to see a quick overview of API Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following video provides a quick overview of API Manager:
```
